Update description for BusyOnBusyEnabledType (#10526)
MicrosoftDocs/office-docs-powershell: skype/skype-ps/skype/Set-CsTeamsCallingPolicy.md

```

### -BusyOnBusyEnabledType

> Setting this parameter lets you configure how incoming calls are handled when a user is already in a call or conference or has a call placed on hold. Valid options are: Enabled, Unanswered Disabled, UserOverride. When set to Enabled, new or incoming calls will be rejected with a busy signal. When set to Unanswered, the user's unanswered settings will take effect, such as routing to voicemail or forwarding to another user. Set this to UserOverride to allow users to directly set their busy options from Calls settings in Teams app. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Setting this parameter lets you configure how incoming calls are handled when a user is already in a call or conference or has a call placed on hold. Valid options are: Enabled, Unanswered, Disabled, and UserOverride. When set to Enabled, new or incoming calls will be rejected with a busy signal. When set to Unanswered, the user's unanswered settings will take effect, such as routing to voicemail or forwarding to another user. When set to UserOverride, users can set their busy options directly from call settings in Teams app. 
```
